foreign
it's about being able to integrate new
knowledge and if you can't integrate new
knowledge because you think you have the
whole story then you're limited period
welcome to the art of accomplishment
where we explore how deepening
connection with ourselves and others
leads to creating the life we want with
enjoyment and ease I'm Brett Kistler
here today with my co-host Joe Hudson
[Music]
ah good afternoon Joe how are you I'm
doing pretty good man I've It's been a
it's been a a week of
strange correspondence from the from The
Ether you know my work used to be so
much so that I knew every person in it
and now I I like I don't know people in
it and um and so I've been getting all
these correspondence recently and it's
been
it's been it's been cool to feel the
difference between
being personally involved in somebody's
life and their transformation and not
being personally involved so that's been
cool yeah fascinating tell me what's an
example of that uh that's most alive for
you right now what happened recently was
that somebody was on the forum for the
connection course and they had had a
session with me and like I I didn't have
a strong memory of them because it was
like a six minute session or something
like that and
and apparently I said something that
really that really like challenged them
they got they got them quite upset for a
bit and um and later there was this huge
Epiphany that came with it and
but what I said to them apparently and
you know the way that I can be a dick
sometimes is that I I basically said I
don't buy your story just like I
dismissed what what for them was like a
defining feature of them apparently and
and I was just like I just don't buy it
I don't buy that that story or in my
world it would have been limiting belief
like I had just didn't buy The Limited
belief and it really I think pissed her
off it it's hard to describe but
I I wasn't there for her experience of
it but I think she was definitely
challenged by it I think definitely
angry
um
and then it led to like this huge
unfolding for her as challenging any
limiting belief does yeah yeah it seems
like that's really one of the common
things that I see when you're when
you're doing sessions with people it's
it's challenging those beliefs and often
I see people coming to you with
sort of uh how how do I approach this
challenge in my life but within my
belief system
adding them aside and people are like no
no no no no
yeah that'd be a cool topic let's try to
discuss it let's let's discuss uh
limiting beliefs how does that sound to
you yeah let's let's do this so let's
start by defining it what what are
limiting beliefs uh simply put it's an
idea that limits Your Capacity to be
yourself or or limits Your Capacity to
get what you want
it limits Your Capacity to be effective
to change your habits to be happy
it also like it not only just affects
the way that you like what you want or
your ability to get what you want but it
also affects the way that like how big
your wants are or if you want things
that are good for you limiting beliefs
affect
I think everything that we do beliefs
affect everything that we do in limiting
beliefs absolutely do and they and by
definition they limit us
so an example of this would be like
let's say you wanted to lose weight you
might have a limiting belief that says
um
it's hard to lose weight or I can't lose
weight I've tried before those are two
limiting beliefs that one might have and
if you were to bet like if you were to
bet on two people who are going to lose
weight and one of them was like yes I
can do it and
the other one was like no I don't think
I can I've tried before it doesn't work
like who would you bet on just on if
that's the only data you had so so
that's what limiting beliefs are so it
seems like there are many different
kinds of them and a lot of them people
are aware of and a lot of them people
are maybe less aware of individually or
even less aware of as a society
uh or like large groups of us are bought
into them which makes them a little bit
harder to see this this water that we're
swimming in so what are what are some of
the different kinds of limiting beliefs
that you've come across yeah so that's
interesting you could categorize in the
way that you do like there's the
personal limiting beliefs in the
societal limiting beliefs that most
people fall into I haven't thought about
it that way when I think about limiting
beliefs I think about it as
um
the ones that like all of those all of
those are in the same category but then
I Define them by the way that the Mind
plays a trick on you and so the first
way the Mind plays a trick on you is
that you just believe a false thought
and the second way is that your mind
misinterprets an experience so it's not
particularly false as in like the way
you can prove something to be false it's
a the story that you hold about an
experience uh the third one is thinking
that you know the whole story thinking
that you have the complete truth and and
those are the three ways that I see the
mind really there's there's other ways
but those are the three main categories
I think about when I think about
limiting beliefs okay let's start with
that first one tell me tell me more
about the false thoughts yeah let's see
uh a good story on this one is is a
story about my dad my dad was when he
was
and about my age maybe a little younger
he was the CEO of a company and he um
and he got fired about two years into it
and he thought that he had failed
and he thought that he had
like irreconciliably failed like it was
just uh and his system and he started to
Define himself as a failure he hated the
feeling of it he avoided it he started
to drink more to avoid it his his his
life literally started like grinding to
a halt because he was this person who
failed and then he was avoiding that
sense of failure and he was the guy who
failed at the company and failed to
provide for his wife and kids and and so
you know I just watched my dad when I
was you know in my
you know 18 to 20 stuff is just his life
just grind to a halt and
then some years later I'm hanging out in
um I'm a venture capitalist at the time
and I'm hanging out at one of those
conferences where you can you know meet
companies and there's this company there
with a really similar name to my
father's company's name
his the company I think was like Lumen
Optics and it was Loom energy or
something like that I can't remember in
I went and talked to them I'm like hey
man like what my dad had a you know was
the CEO of a company and they're like
that's our company
I was like what and they were like yeah
your dad had um you know was the CEO and
he was really successful over a two-year
period of time he had cut the burn rate
to almost nothing from like hundreds of
thousands of dollars a month he had
gotten us more customers he had uh
refined the product line so that there
was a focus of the company and
he was so successful in fact that the
company that owned us
shuddered us because we challenged their
their product their main product their
main Revenue Source this parent company
was challenged by our products so they
shut us down and and we sued him and
because of what your father had done we
sued them so successfully uh that we won
you know whatever some hundreds of
millions of dollars or 100 million
dollars something like that and we
rebooted the company we had the right
for the tech and we've rebooted the
company wow so I went back to my dad and
I was like Dad you know you didn't fail
you know as a venture capitalist I can
say that the results you you gave were
good I wouldn't have fired you and and
and this is the story and
and to watch him consider the fact that
everything he was was based on a lie was
based on a limiting belief was based on
a concept that was inherently not true
and like that that recognition and what
it meant for whatever 15 to 20 years of
his existence
um
that's what I mean by a false thought so
there's a lot to unpack there that's a
fascinating story right yeah so so in
this case you find out years later that
he didn't actually fail in the ways that
he thought that he did he didn't fail
the company but there is still a way
that he lost his job and was not feeling
unable to provide for his family he
didn't even share in the the benefit
that the company then later had from
there
from their lawsuit so like what if you
know in some way he really did fail from
some perspective yeah in this case it's
sort of mixed it's like he didn't fail
at the things he thought he failed at uh
but what if he did what if that it had
had been what happened is that he drove
the company into the ground yeah you're
right so
let's say he did fail he did drive the
company to the ground so one person
would believe that's a failure and one
person would believe that's a learning
experience one person would believe oh
now I'm more equipped to do it one
person would be a would believe I'm I'm
not equipped to do it right one believes
that there is such a thing as a failure
and one believes that there's only
learning experiences that you have so
that's another way that the brain
teaches like gives us false thoughts is
that we buy into a thought process and
and we don't see the falseness of the
thought process or the other perspective
of the thought process so so even if if
you say oh it's like so clear that he
failed
you have to agree on the definition of
failure and then you have to think that
that's you it's not circumstantial so
all of those are potential limiting
beliefs right does that make sense what
yeah yeah okay so you you had mentioned
you know in this list of three things
there's the false thoughts and there's
the misinterpretation of events how it
how would misinterpreting the events be
distinct from false thoughts in this
case or another it's more
misinterpreting the experience it's not
the events it's the experience so let me
give you a story about this one I'm with
my cousin and some friends and we're at
some Boardwalk I don't know it's like
30s or something and they had this ride
and it's the ride was so big and so
scary that it was like at the time a lot
of money like fifty dollars to get in
and do this ride
and it was uh think of a ferris wheel
but only one arm and only four seats two
at the top two at the bottom and the
seat spun around and they went at high
speed so it didn't only like go in a big
gigantic Circle the little thing you sat
in went in many circles right scary as
hell
and my cousin's like come on do it I was
like all right yeah let's let's try this
thing out
so I get into the thing and we go around
and I'm just like frozen my body is
shaking I'm like oh like all tension all
tension
and I heard somebody on the other the
one on the bottom which occasionally
went to the top to the bottom but the
other car of two people laughing and I
started laughing and all of a sudden it
was exhilarating it was it was like the
most fun experience I I had had
um as far as like that kind of
adrenaline experience and when I got off
I was telling one of my friends about it
I was like hey you know I was having
this experience and the experience
didn't change but I went from complete
hatred resistance to this experience to
Absolute
like enlivenment exuberance to to Joy of
this experience
and he said to me yeah it's it's really
fascinating in your body when you're
resisting it you're releasing chemicals
that are carcinogenic that create cancer
in your body and when you're exhilarated
your body is creating chemicals that are
anti-carcinogenic and you're having a
less toxic neurochemical reactions and
that really hit me
right the only difference between it was
this is fun or this is terrifying same
experience same person having the same
experience
and one was an interpretation of the
experience that was Terror and one was
an interpretation of the experience
which was this is exhilarating yeah it
sounds like another way to to slice
those interpretations is that one was an
interpretation that this is an
experience to be resisted and the other
was interpretation that this is an
experience to be welcomed yeah it's
interesting because it's it can be
it can be both it so for instance you
can have it be
this is a good experience instead of
this is a bad experience some version of
that this can be resistant but it can
also be the opposite a limiting belief
can also be I'll be happy when
blank
right it's the setup of future happiness
instead of the recognition that the
happiness is available to you right now
that you don't have to be different you
don't have to grow you don't have to
transform you can do all those things in
fact you will but you get to be you get
to love yourself and be happy right now
as you are okay so let's apply this to
some other to some other beliefs some
other interpretations that people have
yeah so exercise is difficult
I won't be consistent in my exercise
money comes from hard work I'll be happy
once I learn to speak up and tell my
truth all of those are this idea that I
will have a certain experience when X Y
and Z happens or if X Y and Z is
happening and all of those can be very
limiting to your Your Capacity to get
things done to your happiness to your
joy no one wants my anger yeah no one
wants my anger yeah that's right that's
right yeah so that's the distinction and
I make that distinction there's
obviously similarities between a false
thought and this the distinction is that
one is an interpretation of experience
and one is just you know it's more
logical and the misinterpretation of
experience is more of an emotional
live at you tell yourself got it that
makes sense the one's more of a head lie
one's more of an emotional lie and
that's why I make the distinction okay
all right so then getting on to that
third one thinking you know the whole
story you know I remember the story that
stuck this in my system so I'm just
going to use it there was a Kobe there's
a yeah he was
um I got I think he was Mormon self-help
guy
um back in the 80s he had like a
Franklin planner all all sorts of things
anyways um
this is the story he told his story he
was stories on the subway there's a guy
there's a dad he's got three kids and
the three kids are acting out and Kobe
is getting agitated and pissed
like man control your kids right you're
like you're bothering everybody and like
you're a bad parent all these ideas and
at some point the dad looks over and
says I'm so sorry they lost their mom
just the other day
and Kobe describes this as like
instantaneous shift in his attitude as
one might imagine I would obviously feel
like oh all of a sudden there's deeper
understanding all of a sudden there's
more compassion same series of events
totally different understanding because
he went from thinking he knew what was
up to realizing that he did not have the
whole story
and it's like the the difference is kind
of what I know what I know I don't know
what I don't know I don't know
and that's what it is like this one it's
very much about just thinking that you
you understand it when you don't
seems like there would always be some
other angle on on any story that we have
or any any level of understanding that
we think we have about any situation
that's right that's absolutely that you
got it that's exactly what so so for
instance let's say you're trying to
understand the Chrysler Building
and this is neurologically you know
neurologically if you look at some of
the neural research they ask about like
how do we know what reality is and
there's all these
all these ways of seeing the fact that
we don't know what reality is just as an
example
um if we listen to tones and we hear one
tone we can identify that's a c another
tone that's a g and together they we can
we can feel the two different tones and
they make a chord or a three make a
quarter what not
but we can have distinguished we can
distinguish them
and if we're looking at color
we can see two different colors but we
blend them together there's a third we
can't get the distinction between the
two colors that made the Third
so
it just tells you that our sense organs
can't see reality the same way even from
sound to
to color so similarly if you're looking
at the Chrysler Building and and you're
an architect you see it one way and if
you are an atomic scientist you see it
another way and if you are taking a
picture of it from one angle you see it
one way and another angle you see it
another way
and all all that's happening in society
is that we keep on seeing things from
new angles different understandings and
it's the integration of those
understandings that create
more solutions better Solutions better
um iterations sometimes worse iterations
but it it's that putting those that
information together that gives us a
more coherent thought process so
you could say
I've made my iPhone 1.0 I'm done it was
good
or you could say yeah and now I'm gonna
make an iPhone 2.0 and a 3.0 and then
you can say which one of those is Right
which one of those was good which one of
those right so
as we see New Perspectives we can
iterate and we can create new things
and the old things always have some
limits and and if we believe that the
old things are
the way to go and we're not integrating
the New Perspectives then we are limited
in our belief systems it seems like
maybe a a risk that can happen here is
that we can fall into the habit of
seeing seeing some
gratuitous other perspective that also
then
like flies in the face of our own
experience like I could say I could walk
down the street and somebody could be
you know being an and I can tell
myself oh you know they must have had a
really hard day so I'm just gonna give
them a pass and then we just walk
through life giving everybody sort of a
free pass on you know not and we lose
our boundaries because we are in just
you know it seems like this is a similar
limiting belief of rather than having
the belief of that dude's a dick to oh
this person must just be coming from a
lot of trauma and there's a reason for
it and uh that could also like as true
as that is can also be limiting if it
doesn't integrate other perspectives
including our own needs correct that
absolutely that's right so
the limiting belief is stopping yourself
because you think you know the truth is
there's always something you don't
understand
there's always a justification to be
gentle about it or to be mean about it
there's all those things are always
there the difference is are you in an
awareness of that are you making Choice
around that there's more freedom to that
there's less limit to that than if you
are unaware of it and you think you're
right and you think that the other
people are wrong then you're limited
then you cannot see Solutions Your
solution sets are limited
and more importantly
great Solutions come because I have one
perspective you have another perspective
and we find a solution that meets both
of our
perspectives without you know limiting
them so
and how you see this happen all the time
in business one person's like oh it's
got to be technology forward company and
the other is like no we have to be
marketing forward company and one thinks
they're right one thinks the the other
one thinks they're right and there's
just a lockhorn situation instead of oh
there's something I don't understand
what is it that I don't understand oh
okay I don't understand that marketing
needs x y and z Oh I don't understand
that the tech side of the company needs
a b and c oh how do we have a solution
that gets them both and then you get a
better solution than a tech forward
company or a marketing for a company
what I'm hearing here is that to to
integrate multiple perspectives which
gives you a better more nuanced
perspective with which to make better
decisions in order to do that each of
the perspectives has to give a little
and recognize where where it's wrong
where it's incomplete where the
narrative glossed over some detail and
that requires
you know both sides or if from what you
can control in yourself
you're recognizing that your story is
not the whole story and being open and
ready for information that feels like it
conflicts with that story yeah without
dodging Your Truth meaning if it still
doesn't feel right for you you don't go
okay yes because there's another side
right you still you still have to be in
Integrity with yourself and and you see
me do this like you you've been in rooms
with me where someone's like you're full
of and I'll be like yeah yes yeah
I'm I can't say that what I'm saying is
the absolute truth
I'm not I'm not going to say that that's
that's true I'm gonna say that this is a
helpful perspective and it might not be
helpful to you
you know it might be only helpful at a
certain time in a certain place for
certain people and if the perspective
gives you Freedom fantastic and if it
doesn't fantastic yeah otherwise I'd be
like oh no this is the right way and I
would be right it is the right way for
certain people at a certain time and you
know what I mean so it's about being
able to integrate new knowledge and if
you can't integrate new knowledge
because you think you have the whole
story then you're limited period okay so
to summarize what we just went through
there's these three General categories
of limiting beliefs one of them you
described as having false thoughts and
that's that's sort of the cognitive one
and there's misinterpretation of an
experience which can be a lot more
somatic uh just misinterpreting what
your what your body's telling you about
about an experience that you're in and
then the other one thinking that you
know the whole story which basically
stops new information from coming in
stops you from receiving uh sort of
feeding those first two categories
so now that we have this sort of a
framework here how does someone go about
transforming their perspective to be
less limiting yeah
yeah
how do you how do you how do you uh
how do you uh solve the quantum
mechanical you know how do you solve for
the boson Hicks particle uh it's it's
I'm not going to be able to say all of
that information in a podcast and nor
could a podcast you know fully Encompass
that because it's it's a little bit like
listening to a podcast to learn how to
paint or to learn how to look at
paintings if you don't have that
painting to look at and to understand
because doing this is not just an
intellectual exercise it's there's a
body an emotional uh component to it and
it's also so it's better done in pairs
it's better done
um through experimentation and exercises
with all that said happy to go into the
basics of it
so the basics are there's two things you
have to be able to see through
the limiting perspective
and you have to be able to find the
limiting perspective in reverse order so
you have to be able to say oh that's a
limiting perspective and then you have
to have the tools to be able to see
through it
and at some point along the journey
you kind of every perspective you can
see through and that's that there's a
tremendous amount of freedom in that
sometimes a little confusion for a while
too but when it settles and integrates
there's a huge amount of freedom in this
and so the first step is pretty easy uh
if you can put your attention in the
right place so
um the first is a felt sense
if you feel constricted if you feel
the places where you're uncomfortable in
life where there's tension that isn't
good tension uh that's where the
limiting beliefs LIE there's like binary
thought is where the limiting beliefs
lie if you want to like look at
intellectual an intellectual way to
identify it binary thoughts which
indicates fear which indicates that your
thinking is limited
but mostly physical constriction
tension uh stress those are all really
really good signals places where you're
triggered all really really good signals
that you're in a limiting belief pattern
then there's another way to do it too
which is just in general if you are
feeling trapped that's where you have a
false belief
and and the places where
um
life it feels like a chore and that a
future life feels like uh the key to
your happiness that's the
misinterpreting of experiences generally
or like like waiting for the World to
Change and be in alignment with what you
think you want or what you think you
need to be happy or what you think the
world should be yeah exactly
um
and then places where you stagnate not
stuck but just like oh like you just
kind of are in something is usually
where you don't have the whole story you
know so you see people be like it's
really typical for example well that's
not the way that we used to do it you
know that's not that it's been done a
different way for years I don't see any
reason to change it that is often like
a stagnation and it also shows like
someone doesn't have the whole story
so it this goes deeper there's more
Nuance to finding it but generally
that's enough to be able to uncover
probably a hundred so start there
easily a hundred lemony beliefs Okay so
so let's say we start by we start by
exploring where we feel where we feel
tension that doesn't feel like good
tension as you said uh where we feel
stagnation uh when we start to find what
these limiting beliefs might be we start
to develop the practice of seeing
through them maybe we've got partner
work maybe we've got some exercises
uh how do you how do you get rid of it
is it how do you free yourself of the
pattern because a lot of times you can
see that there's a pattern uh you know
like for much of my life I've believed
that I have attention deficit disorder
right and it doesn't mean that I'm
actually any different now that I see
through many ways that that story has
limited me uh I also still have
certain personality traits that people
could still point to and be like add
right there I see you and yet you know
how do you how do you see through and
then behave differently and show up
outside of that belief system so there's
a couple of things oftentimes
so someone identifies this is the area
where I have a limiting belief system
the next thing is
um figuring out what belief system is
the one that's actually creating the
tension and that that can be a little
trickier
um
so it's usually the one that they
absolutely believe so if you want to
trick to that like in a situation that's
creating tension go to the things that
you absolutely believe to be true those
are probably your culprits
um they're they're the water that you
swim in so look for the context that
you're not questioning
so that's one thing as far as getting
rid of the behavior entirely
it's it doesn't work like that it's not
like oh I have an eliminating belief
system that exercises hard and so once I
think that exercise is easy I'm gonna
want to exercise
it might be that you just want to
exercise more
or it might be that you find a way to
exercise it takes so little time that it
doesn't bother you to do it like you
don't know how the behavior is going to
change so
all you know is that oh I feel more free
oh I'm more in alignment with who I want
to be or who I actually am
and and the second more than the first
it's like I'm more in line with my
authenticity
and so it's not so much about it's this
isn't like a behavior control
methodology this is a realization
methodology so once you get it if you
get it in your whole body not just your
brain if you get it and if you grock the
whole thing then things are going to
change but you don't get to decide what
changes all you get to decide all you
get to really control is the outcome
which is more freedom and more happiness
more joy wait I'm not used to you saying
you get to control the outcome yeah all
right
yeah the outcome of more joy not the
outcome of my company gets bought not
the outcome of I become skinnier right
all you get to control is if you go see
through your limiting beliefs you get
more freedom more joy so not the
concrete outcome but the the
experiential outcome will it'll start
happening it's as it's as is
predictable as
um dropping an apple it's going to go to
the ground or go lower if it at all if
it can and so
now I'm like dropping an apple on Earth
or on a planet with gravity where
everything's going there's more to the
storage there's more of the story
exactly right uh so you don't get to
control the specifics of the outcome
like I said and you do get to see that
this practice
creates more freedom and more joy the
other step that we're not really talking
about is how do you get from
okay that's a limited belief to not
believing it and when I say not
believing it the brain is the first
thing to stop believing it but the body
and the and the nervousness and the
emotions also have to stop believing it
and so that's where the tools come in
handy and it's why that they're hard to
describe it's better to experience them
it's better to do them with somebody and
there's Tools in so many of the things
especially the master class where we're
really looking at limiting beliefs the
whole time in general categories of them
and everything like that but some some
of the tools are inquiry basically
questioning
kind of the devil's advocate of anything
that's a tool that allows you to see
through things
um emotional fluidity is a large
structure of a tool there's lots of
forms of those tools but where you have
the emotion move allows you to see
through things
on an emotional level and allowing
pleasure love safety those feelings into
your system is the other Suite of tools
that's kind of more of the nervous
system tool
so those are the the broad broad
categories of those tools
examples of the tools would be things
like
argue the counter case in writing like
write down everything that you think you
know about it and question it or or
write down everything you don't know
about it is another really strong way to
do it
[Music]
um
if you are caught in a belief system
where somebody else is at fault Byron
Katie's work on blame is fantastic you
could do that form of inquiry it's
really nice it has a good emotional
component those are some examples of
ways to do it that like I said the
emotional components the nervous system
components
um shifting that is is something that
you really just have to practice you
have to and and you have to do it in
experimental form yeah not not through
reading a book or or listening to a
podcast yeah that piece that you
mentioned on if you find yourself
blaming others I think that that can
become sort of a meta trap here as well
where you
you come to understand these this this
framework on limiting beliefs and you
see this in kind of what people describe
as woke culture a lot where somebody
will see somebody having some unwanted
consequence in their life and be like ah
look they just have a bunch of limiting
beliefs and then there's this kind of
this way to be above them or better than
them or to try to fix them or basically
you know in some sense sometimes just
gaslighting people into believing that
they are at like fault for everything
that happens rather than they're
responsible for their experience and if
a person is saying that oh look they're
not as good as me they are having a
physical constriction most likely and
that physical constriction is causing
them pain which is a sign of another
limiting belief the Tibetan Buddhists
have a great saying around this um
comparative mind they say they talk
about if I think I'm better than you
that's comparative mind and that's
misery if I think I'm worse than you
that's comparative mind that's misery if
I think I'm equal to you that's
comparative mind and that's misery
so no matter what it is you will feel it
in your body you'll feel that
constriction you'll feel the the
limitation of it your mind will be the
last to see it
um and the first to unsee it and then
your body is the last to unseal it's
really fascinating how that works
typically yeah okay so to one a final
question sort of close this out is if if
somebody's listened to this episode and
they've just started now developing the
new limiting belief that I must be the
kind of person who sees through my
limiting beliefs all the time
then I'll be happy then I'll be happy
yeah
what do you have to say for them notice
how that creates tension in your system
and see through that belief
or don't
choice is yours you get you get to do
what you like that there's not like a
wrong or a right in it there's just oh
this is a cool Avenue if you want to do
it what it's just fascinating to me how
that setup happens all the time and it's
I think it's the most common when you
talked in the beginning you said there
was kind of societal belief systems that
are unquestioned and personal belief
systems that are unquestioned and I
think that's one of the biggest societal
beliefs is is that if I do X then I'll
be happy
if I do X then I'll be good enough
then I'll then I'll be worthy of love
and that is I think one of the belief
systems that are most limited and cause
us the most misery I think it can also
be helpful to explore what we get out of
our beliefs for example
working out is hard we may actually
enjoy having that belief because we
enjoy being the kind of person who does
hard things and get something out of
them and so maybe
maybe also exploring what it is that we
enjoy about our limiting beliefs and
really just relishing and enjoying that
might be part of getting out of that
Chinese finger trap sometimes absolutely
yes yes yes like one of the biggest
questions that I'll ask people when
they're in a living belief system is
what do you get out of it what's the
benefit to you what would be scary to
let go of it
yeah those are all great questions yeah
beautiful awesome yeah all right thank
you Joe yeah man thank you talk to you
soon
thanks for listening to the art of
accomplishment if you enjoyed what you
heard today please subscribe and rate US
on your podcast app we'd love your
feedback so feel free to send us
questions or comments you can reach out
to us join our newsletter or check out
our courses at Art of accomplishment.com
thank you
foreign